and me
hello girls and guys welcome another
time to my channel this time I bring you
a popular request so to speak
what many girls think and it was that
teach my shoes flip flops and so on
of summer what I have put you in this
video have been put more or less what
I see vale are almost like more time than
dress good more
how to say it not the typical tables of
pool but as the ones you used most
to dress up here to dress up
party is worth but the masses and originals
so to speak because of swimming pools
I will teach them three hundred thousand
pool flip flops that I have from
different colors ok let's go if you want
with the designs you leave it down here and
I have not taken out the flats either
because I also have several in several
colors and I do not know if someone wants that
teach flip-flops and flip-flops I have a
lots but different colors because no
it is because current but I have
brought here are wedges flip flops and as is
of dressing and the occasional shoe for
what he caught has caught a few
symbol to start teaching our
flip flops here is to be here pink is a
shoe store I have the misfortune of
several years but I find it super comfortable
always wear this form I think super
super comfortable I think the most comfortable
feel creationists so so the
chubby platform
their roses and very nice cake
I would not be and I've been with
she endures a lot what is of the
center of the finger does not bother because of course
on average, what bothers me is
but behind super hard the questions very
little then one is I love it and it's
super half
I like how to teach been here
it's like a esparto I really like it if
normal in deliveries are super comfortable
and what is the throw they carry cloth in a
orange color and what here, what
it does not bother me at all and with super
buy these are lower are also not
flat flat on everything but their hands
while the others
and it's so great and breasts and as you see
as esparto
these others
and more
others also experts in this subject
they are white
as well as sailor in blue in red the
there was also the blue is for me
like the red ones we complete the past
and nothing they carry in the many had their
opening also
what are you a 38 use a 37 but 37 not
I had tried it as it was a tad with
new I caught in the other
then I have these sandals to places by
humans
they are like that
they are mustang and they are tied here takes a
diet and then I'm up here it's
hook on the ankle and this session
flat nothing more practically entire no
they are putting so that it takes there but what
other plane all
then I have these blacks here
that come with a visit here ahead
and to put the fat little finger
if denied
and these are also super comfortable do not
annoys nothing my fingers and everyone else
the himalayas super good
Then there are my mother gave them are
super pretty are those here they have some
little stones in such a colorful medium
this is a 38 also
and they're super-soft, too, or whatever
that have bothered her on the finger
and says that the threats are their
vegetables
then others that I have here are the
that I have shown one of the videos
previous those of saná and bring a strip
here is how in my bed so much
pull here chubby and the other two of
forward and the same this letter 78 137
brides
what else is a Chinese choosing and are
It has been daisies in white all
and they are pretty good
planets are also a tad of
platform and it's down
making here
then others that we have here
to put them that way the poor are already
enough to spend for a mental state
they are super with mana appearing in their
Most overlapped point with skirts
dressed shorts with what
we hope here is so with Velcro
to these people too
what else do we have here
what are they like with flequitos are colors
and here they bother me a tad because
They are more coated as with a
plastic so hard but they hold on or are
uncomfortable to like as virtual
They are super cool I love them too
these
more then you like from here also in
white instead of carrying flowers like
the others are here with a braided
the two stripes are
they are smooth and here is a flower in
white and yellow with black and are
white and new we put the two as
we have the same foot so we exchange
then it is shown here
it's a sandal shoe pretty much is from
White
and if it is thrown here what is now
low but good up here
and the cholitas notes up here
it's like open with the little dots
so the sole takes it flowers
and they are super well the only thing as well as
all shoes when it's not a while
from here they start to bother me but
good
and then I'm going to teach three things the
first thing I have is it has been here in
Red color
the one of esparto of down and they are a little
from here dirty but good and it's like that
and until so much life and in color we
then I have other esparto you are here
they carry the wedge as with orange and
burgundy as well as cooked
a camel color
its opening is to me and finally it
teach wedges of white change
coffee last year I think it was
and I think last year at 50 I think
here
are a light pink color there you can
see why it looks like that blank but the
whites rositas clarito and nothing were
killer where he killed his ankle
and his people
and also girls are all
Flip flops sandals flat shoes as
you want to call him monkey to throw us for a
removed none but good I have caught you
a few of what I had to go
teaching because they tell me so many
girls and nothing but I hope that I have
liked as I told you if you want
see other things you leave me here below
Any request also tells me
jce not down but on the main page
of the channel i naw more girls than we see
in the next video a neighbor for
all and thanks for watching me